The University of Nevada, Las Vegas invites applications for Assistant/Associate/Professor-in-Residence and Assistant Dean Clinical Services, School of Dental Medicine [R0150550]

ROLE of the POSITION
The UNLV School of Dental Medicine invites applications for an Assistant/Associate/Professor-in-Residence and Assistant Dean Clinical Services non-tenure-track position. This faculty member will provide comprehensive information. The position of Assistant Dean of Clinical Services involves high-level administrative and leadership responsibilities, primarily centered on overseeing clinical operations, ensuring quality patient care, and integrating the clinical experience with the educational curriculum, aligned with institutional and accreditation standards. The Assistant Dean serves as a key member of the leadership team and collaborates with faculty, chair, program directors and administrative support to support a safe, effective and patient -centered clinical environment. Provide strategic direction and daily operational oversight for pre-doctoral, graduate, and faculty dental clinics.

The successful candidate will

Provide strategic leadership and management for all pre-doctoral, postdoctoral, and faculty dental clinics, including facilities and equipment. Lead efforts to enhance clinical operations, revenue cycle optimization, patient recruitment, and clinical service expansion.

Ensuring strict adherence to federal, state, and university regulations, safety standards, and Commission on Dental Accreditation (CODA) requirements, HIPAA, OSHA, Nevada Board of Dental Examiners, and NSHE/UNLV policies.

Oversee and assess the quality of patient care, managing patient satisfaction and implementing continuous quality improvement systems.

Work closely and collaborate with Department Chairs, Program Directors, Faculty & Staff to ensure consistent application of clinical policies and teaching protocols.

This position requires a strong team-oriented, student-focused approach, and the ability to foster a supportive, safe, and inclusive learning environment. The faculty member is also expected to participate in departmental and school committees, accreditation activities, community outreach initiatives, and faculty development.

This position works primarily at the Shadow Lane Campus, Monday-Friday, 8:00 am to 5:00 pm

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
This position requires:

DDS or DMD degree from a CODA-accredited dental school (or equivalent foreign dental degree with appropriate U.S. credentialing).
Current license or eligibility for Nevada State Licensure
Five (5) - seven (7) years of related experience
One (1) - three (3) years of supervisory experience
One (1) - three (3) years of management experience
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience working with diverse patient populations and/or participation in community-based dental programs.

Demonstrated commitment to evidence-based practice and innovation in clinical

education.

Knowledge of Healthcare Finance & Revenue Cycle

Ability to evaluate and improve clinical operations/performance